galileo   zephyr
minnowboard   zephyr
board   zephyr
quark_d2000_crb   zephyr
board   zephyr
index   zephyr
96b_carbon   zephyr
96b_carbon_nrf51   zephyr
96b_neonkey   zephyr
96b_nitrogen   zephyr
board   zephyr
board   zephyr
cc2650_sensortag   zephyr
cc3220sf_launchxl   zephyr
board   zephyr
disco_l475_iot1   zephyr
efm32wg_stk3800   zephyr
frdm_k64f   zephyr
frdm_kl25z   zephyr
frdm_kw41z   zephyr
hexiwear_k64   zephyr
hexiwear_kw40z   zephyr
mps2_an385   zephyr
msp_exp432p401r_launchxl   zephyr
nrf51_pca10028   zephyr
nrf51_vbluno51   zephyr
nrf52840_pca10056   zephyr
nrf52_blenano2   zephyr
nrf52_pca10040   zephyr
nrf52_vbluno52   zephyr
nucleof334r8   zephyr
nucleof334r8   zephyr
nucleof401re   zephyr
nucleof411re   zephyr
nucleo412zg   zephyr
nucleof413zh   zephyr
nucleol432kc   zephyr
nucleol476rg   zephyr
olimex_stm32_e407   zephyr
olimex_stm32_p405   zephyr
olimexino_stm32   zephyr
board   zephyr
sam4s_xplained   zephyr
sam_e70_xplained   zephyr
stm3210c_eval   zephyr
stm32373c_eval   zephyr
stm32_min_dev   zephyr
stm32f3_disco   zephyr
stm32f411e_disco   zephyr
stm32f412g_disco   zephyr
stm32f429i_disc1   zephyr
stm32f469i_disco   zephyr
stm32f4_disco   zephyr
stm32l496g_disco   zephyr
usb_kw24d512   zephyr
v2m_beetle   zephyr
esp32   zephyr
board   zephyr
sim   zephyr
